added method for FormatLogger to write directly to file and some doc (#61)
JuliaLogging/LoggingExtras.jl: README.md

The `FormatLogger` is a sink that formats the message and prints to a wrapped IO.
Formatting is done by providing a function `f(io::IO, log_args::NamedTuple)`.

> The format logger can take as its second argument either the `IO` to be written to or the path
> of a file to be written to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`FormatLogger` can take as its second argument either a writeable `IO` or a filepath. The `append::Bool` keyword
argument determines whether the file is opened in append mode (`"a"`) or truncate mode (`"w"`).
```

```julia
julia> using LoggingExtras

julia> logger = FormatLogger() do io, args
           println(io, args._module, " | ", "[", args.level, "] ", args.message)
       end;

> julia> logger = FormatLogger("out.log") do io, args

Reviewer: Just to include the append kwarg in the examples:
```suggestion
julia> logger = FormatLogger("out.log"; append=true) do io, args
```
